it's like if your kid has something
wrong with its leg and you had to
amputate it no it's decently okay why
you so much tolerance what the heck
stana bully all right guys walk back to
my channel for today's video we're going
to be doing another hair cutting video
so this time how short are we doing Ally
here no less than half you gotta really
get the middle no that's so short Ally
it'll look so good we should take that
last person's advice and cut your hair
like now up here and then with bangs
yes let's do it
okay do your hair way yeah yeah sounds
good sounds good go good I'm just
getting it right wet right hi Ally
well that needs to be way way WAY wetter
yes it's Brett no how do you do the dog
right you know what I like to do what do
you like to do Oh
are we doing a little tail this is what
would be if I like shape this side and
just like had my hair on the side -
right we should totally do that we
should shave half your head off I mean
your hair not your head all right enjoy
your life do you remember when we were
younger and whatever we would like make
yourselves I guess so we'd like put so
much soap in it so it's like stay so
like what synth Queen I remember we'd go
under the water we'd be like
[Music]
and then we do almost the other things I
look on bubblegum and you hold your
breath let us know if any of you ever
did those kind of my brain poison we
should sing we should do like karaoke or
something the strangers like me we're
going to day says the girl who literally
came out to me during there's like I
want to go my hair and I don't want to
come I want my hair to look non not
healthy
yeah I want my hair to look healthy and
I mean okay you're like compressing my
head sorry I'm sure
[Music]
[Applause]
the heck is like I'm gonna look so bad
oh yeah and it dries it's okay it's
gonna be fine no don't cry I will
seriously cry if it looks bad ally we
can't go back now well you're gonna well
you can tie your hair back out and it's
still my hair and it's gonna be like how
do you like would you two in touch her
I'm cutting off her a lot this is like
if you have a skirt that one like right
here this is what kind
I'm trying to do the best for my hair
and then I'm sad because I'm kind of
giving them out it's like if your kid
has something wrong with its leg and you
had to amputate it but it's like you
know what you can't compare your hair to
a limited oh my gosh how the Alton
shorter all the shorter that's right
like longer in the back so you can still
have that one okay yeah sure
and people are gonna end up telling me
like you couldn't even show them except
you told me oh my gosh so I'll show you
guys she wanted it kind of like when I
goes from short to long just so we
didn't have to set off absolutely crazy
amount that looks decently okay to me
that was I like this length Ali looks
good that looks
look you look so good it makes you look
older I think you like it
yes you do it's look literally it's long
it's not makes you look so old
ah watch out for another haircutting
video for me I'll cut your hair no but
you're not doing that honey okay so you
would mess it up like you took my hair
once but I don't trust you enough how
long okay
I won't cut very much off so that you
can know okay well maybe thank you guys
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
I think Ali's hair looks really good
shake it out style it a little bit like
mmm get it get
I get it okay oh I'm like sitting on her
so that's right I hope you enjoyed if
you did don't forget to give the three
give this video thumbs up and click the
subscribe button down below
if you haven't already because I would
love you to join the family if you want
to see part one to this video then there
will be the first part went down below
but that one is right now the most
viewed video on my channel ever I look
like a jerk looks so mean yeah but if
you want to see her really really mean
and like slam the door my younger
sisters face click that button down
there I know I'm making you lose feeling
to your like so
thanks so much I will see you in my next
video I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see
you next week don't touch my
kids let my best time but it usually
shows me slapping your but younger I
won't get on your okay but the thing is
before she slapped my butt it looks like
I've got the scissors honey oh man yeah
somebody's opening the door no it not
look mean
[Music]